I1724 ibm style guide (#1221)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/contributor-guide/con_che-extension-points.adoc

]
----
<1> Defines the key combination for this shortcut. link:https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/keybindings#_keyboard-rules[Rules for defining key combinations] are the same as for VS Code.

> <2> The identifier of the command, which invokes when the shortcut is pressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> The identifier of the command invoked when the shortcut is pressed.
```
(A transitive verb, which requires an object.)

Where `xLanguageServerInfo` is an object of `theia.LanguageServerInfo` and has to contain the following fields:
+
|===

> | `id` | Language ID; has to correspond to the `id` in the configuration JSON file

Reviewer: This changes meaning. Rather use:
```suggestion
| `id` | Language ID; it has to be the same as the `id` in the configuration JSON file
```
